2	Very long corridor to the room, only one lift per level, therefore quite a far walking distance to room.

2 The near street is loud but the windows have good noise insulation. Cleanliness in singular spots could be a bit improved.
1	We liked the location of the hotel, overlooking the lake. We also liked the breakfast at Le Pirate restaurant downstairs, which was included in our rate.
2	I know we were in high season, but the price seemed a little high. Would have preferred a sea view but none available due to late booking - need to book earlier next time.                                                             On a practical point the temperature of bath and shower were safe, but we couldn't cool them down, consequently bathroom got very hot, not a very effective extractor fan
1	Very nice staff at check in and check out
1	Cleaness, Location, Price, Space, had enough hot water and heater was working well. I liked this Lodge a lot.
2	i have prepared myself for the worst scenario so there's nothing i don't like about the hotel. it would be best to travel light as the metro station is about 10-15 mins of walk.
2	The bathroom had only a shower curtain and was water all around when we showered...
2	Unfortunately, I had lots of bed bug bites as a result of my stay at the hotel.
2	The room we stayed in, number 34, has an extremely loud air-conditioning system installed in the balcony. We had a terrible time trying to sleep, since, ironically, the air conditioning doesn't work! With closed windows the room gets hot and stuffy, with open windows the noise keeps you awake. Though everything else is quite acceptable in the hotel, this is no minor detail and it made our stay unbearable.
2	Very bad paint smell on a couple of the days gave us both headaches, apparently some internal areas of your hotel were being repainted. .
1	i like comfortable of the room and hotel environment...
1	Its proximity to the airport and the free shuttle every hour during the night to the airport.
1	The location, quality of rooms, setting and facilities all came as a little suprose considering the price - all in all I consider this great value.
1	Nothing unfortenately. I stay in hoyels 70-100 days per year and was the worst I stayed in for the last three years and it's not cheap.
1	friendly staff, excellent location, great breakfast, nice comfortable room, not noisy at all
1	It was a family run hotel with a splendid view of Portree Harbour. It is worth the stay and the experience on the Isle is just breathtaking.
1	stuff was very kind and helpfull
1	It is well located , close to the metro , a shopping mall and a open air market . Also not far from the small chinese area and the Butte aux Cailles part of Paris  , less known than Montmartre but very interesting I liked being able to read news papers inthe lobby  always well decorated with fresh flowers
1	Being close to airport, dlr stations and O2. Rooms were a good size and comfortable.
2	tea tray in the room was dusty.
2	needs a better restaurant with more food selection
1	Only L3 to park allday - excellent value for money in general
1	A get away from our area and something diffrent.
1	The bedroom is design with very bright colours and toilet is excellent incleanliness. The water pressure and warm water in the shower were well maintained.
2	Dining room, too may tables, not managed well, Atmosphere did not complement hotel. Food average, nothing to get excited about.
1	Staff were very helpful. Very close to all the attractions and we were able to walk to everything we wanted to see.  Good breakfast.
1	The location was excellent for the City Centre and the rooms were comfortable with pleasant service.
2	El personal trabaja demasiado. Estuvo la misma chica en recepcion al menos 18 horas. Alejado del centro. Staff work too long. The same girl at reception at least 18 hours. Far from center.
1	The hotel was in a good location very near to shops, bars etc. My room was very clean and there was a very good buffet breakfast.
2	No free parking arround the area (as in whole of Koln center).
1	The breakfast selection was very good
2	Firework display (for a wedding) too close to the car park. Car was covered in corrosive ash & needed immediate car wash.
2	breakfest, location
2	The direct area on arriving is a bit run down,but dont let that put you off !
1	the staff were very friendly and polite , the beds were very comfortable + the rooms were very clean ,i wood recommend this hotel to my friends+family + wood stay here everytime i stay in waterford .
2	only thing: there is no elevator, so you go upstairs to the rooms on a narrow staircase. No big deal anyway, it's good for exercise :)
1	Quality and tidiness atmosphere was significant , staff were very helpful and friendly .
1	Quiet, comfortable, friendly.  Excellent breakfast.
2	The restaurants in the hotel are quite expensive, for this reason I went out for dinner every night.
2	They completly mistook my final bill
1	Extremely friendly manager, huge room with great view of the nearby mountains. Good breakfast
2	breakfast first morning not enough tables; second morning enough tables but it was not allowed to use the part with bigger tables
1	price und location
1	I like the location for business the roof bar has verey nice view
1	Nice location, and a very good reception.
2	old furnitures, very small shower, without cabin, only with a body adhesive curtain, beach is very far away, need a bus or long walking, no safe, hotels have WiFi but can not be used for guests, air conditioner blow warm air sometimes, cant adjust the water in the shower, it is hot sometimes, and cold sometimes
2	fire alarms going off during the night and day!!
2	i do think that hot breakfasts could be cooked to order but the buffet selection is excellent
1	The staffs were very kind and helpful. Even though it is a small hotel, we didn't feel any inconvenience staying there because it has everything except its own dining area. The room was relatively spacious, comparing with other boutique hotels in Euorpe. The interior is nicely done with high quility designer furniture. Hope people staying in this hotel can notice and appreciate the difference between those Poltrona Frau armchairs and the Ikea stuff.
2	we found the bathroom quite tired and in need of a refit.  The tiles were dripping with condensation, we had guests above us on our last night and the floorboards were very creaky!
1	It was very unusual and very pleasant to see that the hotel try to keep the spirit of the hotel.
1	Wifi was freely available and connection speed was very good. The room was pleasantly big, with a desk and a very comfortable bed. The hotel is located in the center of Nantes, close to pubs, restaurants and a supermarket. The breakfast is good and cheap.
1	great place: nice and clean room, great value for money, very helpful and friendly staff -I'll recommend it to all my friends!
2	Will be good if free shuttle is round-the-clock.
1	the staff was great, the room itself was a good size and clean. location ideal.
2	The building itself has obviously seen better days, could do with modernising.
2	The rooms are very, very small
2	Situated approx 20 min from the centrum (by foot). From the station approx 5 min by taxi. (away of the centrum) To far to walk from trainstation to hotel with bags. We choosed this hotel because it's location, but the information was not realistic.
2	Pool could open much earlier than 12 PM - if you arrive fairly late in the day, you hardly get to use it which is a shame as it is nice.
1	Nice staff, incredibly helpful (early check-in), nice hotel location (quite close to hyde park) and transportation both under and above the ground very easy to access; good breakfast
1	Hotel was difficult to find, we did not read the specific instructions though.  Manager was very friendly and helpful.  Close to train station and shops.  An excellent location to explore Cinque Terra coast.
1	Please write at least 15 words. The location was neer the train station. The front viou is butefol and brickfast is nice
1	This is just what you expect from a good airport hotel, including the availability of food around the clock.
2	The friendless of the staff.Wasn't there t all.A smile goes a long way.
2	Very noisy, you can hear everything your neighbors are doing and saying
1	The hotel was conveniently situated, and we found the staf friendly and helpful. The bedroom was a little on the small side, but nevertheless comfortable, clean and adequate as a base for our sight seeing of the city.
1	The staff were excellent, room very clean, a large bathroom. Evening meal and breakfast were very good.
1	It was modern, in terms of decor and fairly spacious for London. Also very central. The staff were all helpful and friendly.
2	The mini bar was poorly stocked and no coffee/tea making facility in the room. Room service also missing.
2	Noise from late party people getting taxi from outside front reception (01.30 am) Also didnt appear to have internet access and TV reception poor
2	It's situated on the second floor, no elevator, might be a problem for some people.
1	parking space
2	The room was a bit dark and the rate should include breakfast. At e400 for 2 nights for 4 we felt the price was ok but I would def not pay e400 per night to stay here.I wouldn't recommend it without seeing the other rooms.There were no other guest reviews on the site.
1	Very attractive hotel excellently situated for visiting Portofino.
2	Its a rather long walk to the tourist sites, but if you are healthy and don't mind a good brisk walk, not a problem.
1	Close to an underground station.
1	Very high-class & stylish design. I loved the interior design. The service was also very good and helpful. My room was on the 19th floor, I had an astonishing view of Hiroshima. This was also the first hotel in Japan I stayed at, that had a bicycle rental for 1000 yen per day ($10 a day). I would stay here anytime again!
1	Good hotel with helpful friendly staff. All rooms are very artistic good bathrooms nice design.
1	The rooms were always clean, we had clean towels everyday/
1	Very well located for travelling to mid Austria
1	Great staff, clean, room was a bit small but we did not spend much time in room, hotel was a bargain for Carnevale, a bit of a walk to San Macro Square but close to the bus station. We didn't mind the walk since we saw more things. Will stay there again.
2	In line with area as a whole, hotel was considerably overpriced. Pool had been emptied.
1	The hotel is located in a perfect location, easy to get around and close to Metro. Staff are helpful and friendly. The most importantly, it's right opposite one of a famous gay club in town; Arena, just 10 steps away. :)
1	Lovely breakfast, lovely room, curteous and helpful staff.  They called in a reservation for us for dinner.
1	The Beatles memorabilia was really interesting and the hotel is situated in a beautiful building in an excellent, central location.
2	no complain at all , the hotel is perfect.
1	good location close to St Pancras, very nice breakfast
1	Clean room and bathroom, very good shower.  Nice buffet breakfast. Relatively central location, especially considering the cost!
2	Floorplan was awkward. Toilet was located off foyer, whllst all other ba6throom facilities were on other side of bedroom' No art on walls, only mirror in bathroom. Rather stark.
1	Perfect location, free wifi, good breakfast, good price, really nice hotel for its category
2	excellent
1	The room is big and clean. Good breakfast.
1	What I liked best is the location, its centrally located and accesseble to public transport.
1	Room was very large for UK accomm standards, a beautiful view and the owners very welcoming. Would have loved to be able to stay longer.
1	polite hotel stuff, location at the center of the city, excellent breakfast, cosy rooms
1	location and opposite a secure car park
1	Very good hotel!
1	It had a very nice breakfast in the morning.  A soft, comfortable bed, and a hot shower.  The staff was nice and helpful. In a nice neighborhood, great pizza place around the corner.
1	Frendly staff, good location, very helpful with direction and relax oportunity of area, clean and lot of utilities for self manage. Exelent view and panorama any time of year.

