2	 The near street is loud but the windows have good noise insulation . Cleanliness in singular spots could be a bit improved . | the windows have good noise insulation | singular spots could be a bit
1	 We liked the location of the hotel , overlooking the lake . We also liked the breakfast at Le Pirate restaurant downstairs , which was included in our rate . We also liked the breakfast at Le Pirate restaurant downstairs , which was included in our rate . | We liked the location of the hotel | We also liked the breakfast | Le Pirate restaurant downstairs was included in our rate
2	 I know we were in high season , but the price seemed a little high . | I know we | we were in high season | the price seemed a little
1	 Cleaness , Location , Price , Space , had enough hot water and heater was working well . I liked this Lodge a lot . | 1 Cleaness , Location , Price , Space , had enough hot water and heater | I liked this Lodge
2	 i have prepared myself for the worst scenario so there 's nothing i do n't like about the hotel . | 2 i have prepared myself | nothing i do n't like about the hotel
2	 The bathroom had only a shower curtain and was water all around when we showered ... | The bathroom had only a shower curtain
2	 Unfortunately , I had lots of bed bug bites as a result of my stay at the hotel . | I had lots of bed bug bites
2	 The room we stayed in , number 34 , has an extremely loud air-conditioning system installed in the balcony . We had a terrible time trying to sleep , since , ironically , the air conditioning does n't work ! With closed windows the room gets hot and stuffy , with open windows the noise keeps you awake . Though everything else is quite acceptable in the hotel , this is no minor detail and it made our stay unbearable . Though everything else is quite acceptable in the hotel , this is no minor detail and it made our stay unbearable . Though everything else is quite acceptable in the hotel , this is no minor detail and it made our stay unbearable . | we has an extremely loud air-conditioning system | We had a terrible time | the noise keeps you | everything else is quite acceptable in the hotel | this is no minor detail | it made our stay unbearable
